Updating Coastal Risk Discovery wording and adding caveats and warnings where appropriate (#181)
NASA-IMPACT/veda-config: discoveries/coastal-flooding-and-slr.discoveries.mdx

      zoom={1}
      center={[0,0]}
    />
    <Caption
      attrAuthor='NASA'
      attrUrl='https://nasa.gov/'
    />
  </Figure>
  <Prose>
  Identifying hot spot regions under non-stationary water cycle changes and exploring the drivers are important issues that may provide information to improve hydrological forecasting and water management. Through interdisciplinary research and data assimilation, the EIS team developed a **novel metric to quantify the non-stationarity of the global water cycle**, integrating information on long term trends, seasonal shifts, and changes in the occurrence of extreme events.

>   Learn more about the non-stationarity metric <u><a href="https://github.com/Earth-Information-System/sea-level-and-coastal-risk/blob/main/AMS_2023_Wanshu_Nie_for_VEDA_Discovery.pdf">here</a></u>.

Reviewer: For accessibility purposes is generally good practice to avoid "here" links as they lack context.

A possible alternative:
```suggestion
  This linked document contains [more information about the non-stationarity metric](https://github.com/Earth-Information-System/sea-level-and-coastal-risk/blob/main/AMS_2023_Wanshu_Nie_for_VEDA_Discovery.pdf).
```

    Analyze the ECCO data further:
      - <a href="https://nasa-veda.2i2c.cloud/hub/user-redirect/git-pull?repo=https%3A%2F%2Fgithub.com%2FEarth-Information-System%2Fveda-data-processing&urlpath=lab%2Ftree%2Fveda-data-processing%2FECCO_NetCDF_to_COG%2Fcreate_ECCO_SSH_timeseries.ipynb&branch=main" target="_blank">interactive notebook</a>
      - <a href="https://github.com/Earth-Information-System/veda-data-processing/blob/main/ECCO_NetCDF_to_COG/create_ECCO_SSH_timeseries.ipynb" target="_blank">static notebook</a>

  </Prose>
  <Figure>
    <Chart
      dataPath={new URL('./ecco_ssh.csv', import.meta.url).href}
      dateFormat="%m/%Y"
      idKey='source'
      xKey='date'
      yKey='SSH (m)'
      yAxisLabel='meters'
    />
  </Figure>
</Block>

<Block>
   <Prose>
   ## Is water cycle change compounding the risk of coastal flooding from sea-level rise?

>    Ongoing work using NASA’s modeling capabilities aims to determine whether climate-induced water cycle change compounds the risk of coastal flooding from sea-level rise. The modeling system also accounts for land subsidence and human activities. Based on "what-if" scenarios, we will be able quantify their individual impacts on Bangladesh’s surface and ground water availability, and extreme hydrological events. See similar work that has been done for the Mississippi River delta [here](https://freshwater.eis.smce.nasa.gov/storymap.html?story=sealevel).

Reviewer: For accessibility purposes is generally good practice to avoid "here" links as they lack context.

A better alternative to this sentence could be:

"The EIS Freshwater website features [similar work for the Mississippi River delta](https://freshwater.eis.smce.nasa.gov/storymap.html?story=sealevel)."
